FONTLOG for the Varta font family

This file provides detailed information on the Varta 
font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the Varta 
fonts and any derivative works.

Font Information

Varta offers a compelling sensibility made possible by the clever fusing of a
warm humanity with a distinct clarity and profesional crispness. The net effect
is to both calm and to cheer the reader. As Varta is seen at larger sizes its
congenial personality emerges. Varta is well suited to a broad range of tasks
including sign systems, editorial design, packaging and extended reading on
screens. Varta is offered in four of the the four most commonly used weights to
ensure broad utility. Each weight has been designed to render well down to
surprisingly small sizes and on both low and high quality screens.

Varta is an evolving project. As of now there are 4 styles: 

Light
Regular
SemiBold
Bold

Varta is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Devanagari and Latin scripts and 
could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following codepages: Devanagari,
Latin-1, Latin-2, Turkish, Windows Baltic, Windows Vietnamese, Macintosh
Character Set

The following Unicode ranges are supported: Basic Latin, Latin-1 Supplement,
Latin Extended-A, Latin Extended-B, IPA Exetnsions, Spacing Modifier letters,
Combining Diacritical Marks, Greek, Devanagari, Latin Extended Additional,
General Puctuation, Superscripts and Subscripts, Currency Symbols, Letterlike
Symbols, Number Forms, Arrows, Mathematical Operators, Geometric Shapes,
Miscelanious Symbols, Dingbats, Alphabetic presentation forms

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkintype@gmail.com

ChangeLog

See https://github.com/EbenSorkin/Varta/commits/master

Release v1.02

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Designer and Mastering

N: Joana Correira
E: joanamcsilva@gmail.com
W:
D: Designer

N: Viktoriya Grabowska
E: 
W: 
D: Designer